# UQ Computing Society Special General Meeting 
## 11th April, 2025

Meeting opened at **5:31pm**
Meeting closed at **7:01pm** (90 minutes).

## Agenda
The purpose of this general meeting will be:
- Acknowledgement of resignation of 1 Secretary 
- Acknowledgement of resignation of 1 Media's Officer
- Acknowledgement of resignation of 3 General Committee
- Election of new general committee members to the management committee
- Discussion of amendments to constitution proposed by the Management Committee
- Vote on proposed constitutions

## Quorem 

22 required. 33 attendees. Quorem met 

## Acknowledgement of Resigniation 
- Amy Hu, Secretary
- Anshul Dadhwal, Media Officer
- Alexander Burow, General Committee
- Roxie Cunningham, General Committee
- Bahareh Khiabani, General Committee

## Appointment of Returning Officer 

Bradley Stone to be appointed as returning officer.
Jackie moved, Connor seconded

The motion passed with 33 Yea votes, 0 Nay votes and no objections.

## Creation of Positions

Three (3) General Committee positions to be created to replace the resignations. 

Jackie moved, Isaac seconded. 

The motion passed with 33 Yea votes 0 votes and no objections. 

## Interjection 
Amy Hu has a petitition for the removal of the President. She states that
- The president reduced student talks instead of industry events 
- Cancellation of CPG 28th of February
- 4 committee resigned due to toxicity

- 17 Signatures acquired for the requisition 

Nominations were tabled until requisition 

Amy motioned, Isaac seconded. 

The motion passed with majority "Yea" votes.

## General Business

Jackie Chang announces for a pizza break. Bradley comments that a quantifiable restriction should be in place. It was announced that the pizza break will be over after the last slice has been consumed.

Isaac motioned to adjourn the meeting for a pizza break, Jackie seconded. 

**Proposal.** Constitutional amendment: [Let me cook v2](https://github.com/UQComputingSociety/constitution/pull/63).
- To address people resigning throughout the year and filling of spots.

Jackie motioned to have it tabled, Amy seconded. 

The motion passed with majority votes.

**Proposal.** Constitutional amendment: [Add acting presidency clause](https://github.com/UQComputingSociety/constitution/pull/56). 
- To address "What happens if Secretary and President both resign?"

Jackie motioned, Amy seconded. 

The motion passed by super majority.

**Proposal.** Constitutional amendment: [Add in clause for removing improperly elected committee member #55 ](https://github.com/UQComputingSociety/constitution/pull/55).
- To address the election of a committee member who isn't a financial member of the society

Jackie motioned, Avery seconded. 

The motion passed by majority votes.

**Proposal.** Constitutional amendment: [Create Special Resolution Procedure](https://github.com/UQComputingSociety/constitution/pull/57).

Isaac motion to table the motion, Jackie seconded. 

**Proposal.** Constitutional amendment: [Remove constant from General Meeting Quorum](https://github.com/UQComputingSociety/constitution/pull/51).

Isaac motion to table the motion, Jackie seconded. 

**Proposal.** Constitutional amendment: [Add (optional) time limit section to annotated_standard_annual_general_meeting_agenda.md](https://github.com/UQComputingSociety/constitution/pull/62).

Isaac motion, Jackie seconded. 

The motion passes by majority votes. 

**Proposal.** Constitutional amendment: [Adding the pizza clause, again](https://github.com/UQComputingSociety/constitution/pull/61).

Isaac motion to table the motion, Avery seconded. 

The chair motioned to end the meeting, Avery seconded. 

The motion passes by majority votes. 

## Attendees
    Isaac Beh
    Nathan Leeks 
    Tyreece Paul
    Cielo Nicolosi
    David Long 
    Masham Siddiqui
    Jackie Dinh Chang
    Bahareh Khiabani
    Anna Stevens 
    Harsha Varma 
    Jesse Wang 
    William Lowe
    Avery Armstrong 
    Roger Zhu 
    Max Guppy
    Kait Lam 
    Nur Alya Najma
    Sara Arsenic 
    B Paul 
    Yixin Amy Hu 
    Gideon Mckinlay 
    Paul Clarke 
    Matt Choy 
    Bradley Stone 
    Gavin Sun 
    Alexander Arthur 
    Krit Arora 
    Gareth Guce 
    Zain Al-Saffi 
    Kiara Zhu
    Richard Yu 
    Noel Karayampully 
    Alexander Burow