# UQ Computing Society Special General Meeting 
## 7th March, 2024

Meeting opened at **5:15pm**
Meeting closed at **6:55pm** (100 minutes).

## Agenda
The purpose of this general meeting will be:
- Acknowledgement of resignation for three general committee members
- Election of new general committee members to the management committee
- Discussion of amendments to constitution proposed by the Management Committee

## Quorem 

21 required. 41 attendees. Quorem met 

## Acknowledgement of Resigniation 
- Mehr Chawla, General Committee
- Aayushi Patel, General Committee
- John Kim, General Comittee

## Appointment of Returning Officer 

Bradley Stone to be appointed as returning officer.
Iain Jenson moved, Isaac seconded

The motion passed with 41 Yea votes, 0 Nay votes and no objections.

## Creation of Positions

Three (3) General Committee positions to be created to replace the resignations. 

Iain Jenson moved, James Dearlove seconded. 

The motion passed with 40 Yea votes 0 votes and 1 objection. 

## Nominations

The nominations comprised of a mix of nominations made prior to the SGM (15) and nominations from the floor, including nominations that were rejected.

Invalid nominations: None

Rejected nominations: None

Valid nominations: 
- Rohan Kollambalath
- Sathustigan Eswaran
- Tom Cameron
- Ruixing Lin
- Jun Xi Koh
- Oscar Tang
- Kenny Sun
- Alexander Burow
- Tom Le
- Declan Bolster
- Liam Asher
- Wasana Udabage
- Rahul Sagar Pabba
- Cyrus Forudi

Harsha Varma gave a speech in place of Alexander Burow. The other nominees gave their own speech in the order presented above. 

## Successful Nominees

- Rohan Kollambalath 
- Tom Cameron 
- Alexander Burow 


## General Business
**Proposal.** Constitutional amendment: [Changes To Election Process](https://github.com/UQComputingSociety/constitution/pull/48).
- Rationale: The minor officers and general member positions are created day of the AGM/SGM. This means that it's a weird grey area for nominating for said positions, as they don't really exist. 

Bradley Stone moved, James Dearlove seconded.

- Bradley talks about how the "officer" and "general" positions are unstable as the number of positions are decided day of the AGM/SGM. So technically, nominations are for positions that don't exist.

The motion passed with 40 Yea votes, 0 Nay votes and 0 objections.

**Proposal.** Constitutional amendment: [Remove constant from General Meeting Quorum](https://github.com/UQComputingSociety/constitution/pull/51). 
- In the past, the Union has been strict about the minimum possible quorum at the minimum club size (30 members), which was the origin of the 125. The Union has become more relaxed in recent years. As such, the constant is no longer needed. 

Bradley Stone moved, Iain Jensen seconded.

- Bradley mentions how, in the past, the Union has been strict about the minimum possible quorem at the minimum club size. Union has now been more relaxed and now we should remove the formula. 
- James and Iain goes through the equations when graphed and the difference of the two graphs and notes that, the significance max of 12 vs 10 is not ideal. 
- Bradley has a short discussion with Iain about how potentially, a new formula will be required. 

The motion was tabled by Bradley Stone until the next meeting under the assumption that more consultation with Iain will be made to make a new function for calculating the quorum number.

**Proposal.** Constitutional amendment: [Stacking of Elections](https://github.com/UQComputingSociety/constitution/pull/52).
- This change will require people to be members of UQCS for two weeks before a general meeeting in order to vote (or otherwise participate, which largely means running for election or moving motion). This adds a small hurdle to prevent stacking in future elections. 

- Tom notes that this is a great idea!
- Iain is for the motion, however, proposes we extends the time to longer than two weeks.
- Santiago raises his concerns with this constitutional amendment as we could have a situation where we hold an SGM extremely close to market day in semester one or two. This means that we would not be able to hold a SGM close to market day.
- Richard proposes that we should just include that, for the "society" to hold an SGM, we would need to have a two week of notice. 
- Amy notes that an "old member" should be able to signup one week before the SGM and be eligible to vote and a "new member" should be able to signup two weeks before the SGM and be eligible to vote. Although, we would have to carefully define and consider what consitutes an "old" and "new" member.
- Isaac voices his concerns, stating "Move on with it!!!"
- *Everybody claps...*

Bradley Stone motions, Isaac Beh seconded.

The motion passed with 40 Yea votes, 0 Nay votes and 0 objections.

**Proposal.** Constitutional amendment: [Officer's reports prior to AGMs/SGMs](https://github.com/UQComputingSociety/constitution/pull/53).

- As we are a "student society, run by students, for students" mainly from digital design to software engineering, we should consider having officer's reports prior to AGMs/SGMs. This will allow members to have an appropriate amount of time to read the reports and potentially ask questions. This will also cut down the overall time spent in AGMs/SGMs. 

Isaac Beh moved, Bradley Stone seconded.

- Tom asks if the "minor officers" are to give a mandatory report or would you only be required to speak at the SGM. 
- Bradley states that we could consider having a mandatory report given in writing instead of giving a speech. 
- James raises some concerns as we could have a situation where a "draft" is provided to the members of the society but could still be significantly changed. This may be a potential issue in the future. 
- Iain states that officers technically aren't a thing until the SGM/AGM, so if this constitutional amendment is passed, we would have to ensure that officers also exist in the constitution. 
- Andrew suggests that, until officers are written into the constitution we should continue to have the officers provide a report. Once the officers are written into the constitution, then we can forth and consider having the officers provide a written report.
- Faith states that Andrew had covered everything she wanted to say. 
- Isaac voices his concerns, stating "Move on with it!!!"

The motion passed with 38 Yea votes, 2 Nay votes and 0 objections.

## Attendees
    Aiden Liaw
    Alexander Arthur
    Andrew Brown
    Anna Stevens
    Bahareh Khiabani
    Benjamin Paul
    Bradley Stone
    Declan Bolster
    Erina Okada-Dalgleish
    Faith McKay
    Harsha Varma
    Iain Jensen
    Isaac Beh
    James Dearlove
    John Beresford-Craig
    Joshua Todd Cowper
    Jun Xi Koh
    Kenny Sun
    Krit Arora
    Liam Asher
    Limao Chang
    Marshall Bullis
    Max Guppy
    Nazeef Hamid
    Oscar Tang
    Richard Yu
    Rachel Chiong
    Rohan Kollambalath
    Roxie Cunningham
    Roxie Tang
    Santhustigan Eswaran
    Santiago Rodrigues
    Stephanie Burgess
    Thomas Horsey
    Tom Cameron
    Tom Le
    Tyreece Paid
    Yutong Ji
    Yixin Amy Hu
    Yuvraj Fowder