# UQ Computing Society Special General Meeting
## 3rd May, 2020

Meeting opened at **5:06pm.**
Meeting closed at **5:40pm.** (34 minutes).

## Agenda
The purpose of this general meeting will be:
- Reshuffling/reorganisation of the Management Committee, due to current members resigning for various reasons
- Creation of named portfolios for General Committee members.
- Election of new General Committee members to the Management Committee.

## Quorum
24 required. 29 attendees. Quorum met.

## Acknowledgement of Resignations
- Brian Riwu Kaho, Puisne Committee
- Jack Caperon, Puisne Committee
- Raghav Mishra, Puisne Committee

## Creation of Positions
Three (3) new Puisne Committee positions created to replace the resignations. Matthew Low motions, Madhav Mishra seconds. The motion passes with 17 Yea votes, 0 Nay votes and no objections.

## Nominations
All nominations hereafter are for a position on the Puisne Committee, of which there are three vacancies. Nominees listed in order of speech.
- James Dearlove, seconded by Matthew Low.
- Paul Clarke, seconded by Madhav Mishra.
- Utkarsh Sharma, seconded by Madhav Mishra.
- Matthew Dean, seconded by Madhav Mishra.
- Harsha Joshi, seconded by Madhav Mishra.
- David Nguyen, seconded by Madhav Mishra.
- Leo Orpilla, seconded by James Dearlove.
- Alexander Blyth (Alby), seconded by Nick Lambourne.
- Linden Wells, seconded by Madhav Mishra.
- Yash Talekar, seconded by Leo Orpilla.

## Successful Nominees
- James Dearlove
- Paul Clarke
- Alexander Blyth (Alby)

Motion to accept new members of the Puisne Committee put forward by Madhav Mishra, Sanni Bosamia seconds.
