# UQ Computing Society Special General Meeting
## 19th May, 2022

Meeting opened at **6:06pm.**
Meeting closed at **7:04pm.** (58 minutes).

## Agenda
The purpose of this general meeting will be:
- Acknowledgement of resignations for two Puisne Committee members who will be graduating at the end of Semester 1
- Creation of new Puisne Committee positions to replace resigning Puisne Committee members
- Election of new Puisne Committee members to the Management Committee
- Discussion of amendments to constitution proposed by the Management Committee

## Quorum
24 required. 33 attendees. Quorum met.

## Acknowledgement of Resignations
- Madhav Kumar, Puisne Committee
- Linden Wells, Puisne Committee
- Tom Cranitch, Puisne Committee

## Appointment of Returning Officer

Bradley Stone to be appointed as returning officer.
Tom Malcolm moved, Andrew Brown seconded.

The motion passed with 33 Yea votes, 0 Nay votes and no objections.


## Creation of Positions

Returning officer, Bradley Stone, moves for three (3) Puisne Member positions to be created.
Bradley Stone moved, Madhav Kumar seconded. 

The motion passed with 33 Yea votes, 0 Nay votes, and no objections.

## Nominations

Invalid nominations:
- Linus Torvald
- Mehr Chawla

Rejected nominations:
- Sannidi Bosamia nominated James Dearlove. Jay Hunter seconded. James Dearlove declined.
- James Dearlove nominated Sannidi Bosamia. Jay Hunter seconded. Sannidi Bosamia declined.
- James Dearlove nominated Katrina Lam. Jay Hunter seconded. Katrina Lam declined.

Valid nominations:
- Arthur Mitchell
- Ben Varley
- Leslie Goh Tze Xuan
- Luke Pearce
- Treffery Webb (not present)
- Warren Luo
- Yiwen Jiang

Emma Comino gave a speech in place of Treffery Webb. The other nominees gave their own speech.

## Successful Nominees

- Leslie Goh Tze Xuan
- Treffery Webb
- Yiwen Jiang

## General Business

**Proposal**. Constitutional amendment: [Clarify Management Committee meeting requirements](https://github.com/UQComputingSociety/constitution/pull/38).
- Rationale: Some of the wording in sections 12.4 and 12.5 is confusing and has been reworded to be clearer.

Andrew Brown moved, Tom Malcolm seconded.

The motion passed with 33 Yea votes, 0 Nay votes, and no objections.

**Proposal**. Constitutional amendment: [Additional qualifiers for the dissolution clause](https://github.com/UQComputingSociety/constitution/pull/37).
- Rationale: In the event of dissolution, the entire remaining wealth of the Society is transferred to a single association with similar purposes. This should be allowed to split between multiple societies, in the event that no single association exactly fulfills the same purpose, and should be ideally targeted towards associations aimed at students of the University of Queensland - but not exclusively targeted, in case no suitable association exists for UQ students.

Andrew Brown moved, Tom Malcolm seconded.

The motion passed with 33 Yea votes, 0 Nay votes, and no objections.

**Proposal**. Constitutional amendment: [Rework temporary appointments to Management Committee](https://github.com/UQComputingSociety/constitution/pull/36).
- Rationale: Section 10.2 currently allows the Management Committee to make arbitrary long-term appointments of Officers of the Management Committee. As Officers possess significant privilege and responsibility, these appointments should be as limited as practical to ensure the Members of the Society have a chance to vote on their appointment. In particular, a General Meeting should be called and an election held to appoint an Officer. <br/> Additionally, the Management Committee should also have the ability to appoint Puisne Members to fill vacancies under these same restrictions.

Andrew Brown moved, Tom Malcolm seconded.

- Prior to the General Meeting, Jack Caperon provided some historical context on the pull request, explaining that a requirement for election was never added because of the additional burden it would create on the General Committee, who already have many responsibilities. General Members already possess the ability to call for a General Meeting per section 17.1 and remove Management Committee members as they see fit via section 9.4.
- Andrew Brown agreed and proposed to lower the requirement of election to a recommendation instead.
- Bradley Stone commented that constitutions are for requirements rather than recommendations, so this amendment would require some rewording.
- James Dearlove noted that, if we were unhappy with the wording of the amendment, we would have to propose an immediate (minor) rewording to be able to pass the motion. Otherwise, if major changes to the amendment are required, we would be prevented from passing the motion at this General Meeting.
- Alex Nicholson comments that this amendment may require further revision, and suggests that we review and postpone it until the Annual General Meeting later this year.
- Sannidi Bosamia asked for a clarification/rationale of the second point of the constitutional amendment. Tom Malcolm explained that the Management Committee lost a member following Tom Cranitch's resignation at the start of the year due to his graduation, and would also lose two more members at the end of this semester following the resignation and graduation of Linden Wells and Madhav Kumar. This amendment would allow the Management Committee to fill vacancies created by resignations such as these.
- Bradley Stone commented that the Management Committee were already at liberty to temporarily appoint new Puisne Members already.
- Sannidi Bosamia commented that there were other ways in which we could recognise contributions to the Management Committee and the Society without having to fill vacancies.

The motion was not passed, with a note to workshop the constitutional amendment and to postpone it for the Annual General Meeting.

**Proposal**. Constitutional amendment: [Re-word sections regarding puisne committee members](https://github.com/UQComputingSociety/constitution/pull/35).

- Rationale: We should re-word the title of Management Committee members from "Puisne Member" to "General Member of the Management Committee". The term is obselete and is a potential source of confusion for members reading the constitution. 

Andrew Brown moved, Tom Malcolm seconded.

- Joshua Todd Cowper asked if the term "Puisne Member" is a part of UQCS culture. This was met with vocal disapproval from around half of the room.
- Bradley disagreed with the obsoleteness of the term, and argued that it was in use by the Supreme Court of Australia. Bradley further explained his reasoning for choosing the term "Puisne Member": there is no ambiguity between a general member of the society versus a Management Committee member (and societies in the past have had problems with this ambiguity), and the term is the best way of describing the Management Committee's structure.
- Andrew Brown commented that we colloquially refer to Management Committee members as "General Committee" members despite the constitution's wording; he mentioned that nobody uses the term "Puisne Member" anyway and that it was confusing.

The motion passed with 23 Yea votes, 2 Nay votes, and no objections.

**Proposal**. Recommend Management Committee members to do a "committee jig" following every Management Committee meeting.

- Rationale: It boosts morale.

James Dearlove moved, Sannidi Bosamia seconded.

- James Dearlove provided a live demonstration of the "committee jig".
- Jay Hunter asked if a photo or video of James Dearlove's live demonstration could be kept in the GitHub repository for Management Committee to reference.

The motion passed with 13 Yea votes, 1 Nay vote, and no objections.

**Proposal**. Limit the number of sponsor blockchain talks to one (1) per semester.

- Rationale: Blockchain technology and web3 as a whole has harmful to the environment and ... (is a scam). We as a society should limit our promotion of sponsor companies that are involved in the blockchain space.

Haoxi Tan moved, Jay Hunter seconded.

- Andrew Brown brought up UQCS' list of sponsors on the website, commenting that we only have two cryptocurrency-related sponsors, Swyftx and Mycelium.
- Joshua Todd Cowper commented that we guarantee our Silver and Gold sponsors an event a year.
- James Dearlove commented that cryptocurrency-related sponsors contribute greatly to UQCS' income and the Society as a whole, citing that the Mycelium workshop last year was very popular and was well received. James commented that he was not personally a fan of cryptocurrency, but we should make decisions that benefit the members of the Society, not decisions based on personal opinions.
- Madhav Kumar agreed and commented that we shouldn't impose our personal opinions on the rest of the Society.
- Sannidhi Bosamia asked, in response to James Dearlove's comment about UQCS' income, that the Management Committee share the current financial state of UQCS.
- Andrew Brown revealed the balance of the UQCS bank account as at the Special General Meeting: $47,021.76.
- Haoxi Tan agreed with the points made above, but expressed concern about the possibility of UQCS taking on more sponsors in the cryptocurrency space in the future.
- Madhav Kumar and Sannidi Bosamia commented that this was a discussion that the Management Committee has had every year during the process of signing on sponsors. Sannidi Bosamia commented that there is probably something to be said about every one of our sponsors (crypto-related or otherwise).
- Andrew Brown mentioned that we have already signed MoUs with our Silver and Gold sponsors, so this motion and recommendation would only be relevant for next year's Management Committee. He also commented that the pizza was getting cold.

The motion was not passed.

## Attendees

- Limao Chang
- Emma Comino
- Yiwen Jiang
- Thomas Malcolm
- Rachel Chiong
- Alex Nicholson
- Ben Varley
- Andrew Brown
- Treffery Webb
- Campbell McFadden
- Quinn Horton
- Jia-Jie Dinhchang
- Warren Luo
- Madhav Kumar
- Arthur Mitchell
- Martin Cai
- Luke Pearce
- Tom Le
- Sasha Belonogov
- Haoxi Tan
- James Dearlove
- Bradley Stone
- Nicholas Lambourne
- Miguel Valencia
- Jay Hunter
- Linden Wells
- Leslie Goh
- Joshua Todd Cowper
- Sannidhi Bosamia
- Katrina Lam
- Yash Talekar
- Shawn Meheraj
- Chen Xu